Hello everyone, PolicyX. Welcome to all of you. Today,
we're going to talk about a very popular health insurance plan
in detail, the
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance
Plan. ICICI Lombard Health
Insurance is a partnership between India's
ICICI Bank Limited and Canada's
Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited.
It offers
various health insurance plans
that cover
hospitalization, daycare procedures,
ambulance charges, and domiciliary
status. These plans are comprehensive, meaning all-
inclusive, and are backed by ICICI Bank's strong
reputation.
ICICI Lombard also offers super top-up plans.
These plans are useful
when the coverage limit of the underlying health insurance plan is
exhausted.
ICICI Lombard's insurance plans are
designed to cover all your medical expenses, especially
teleconsultations with doctors or
tests before major surgeries. With an ICICI Lombard
health insurance policy, you
can avail cashless treatments.  You can get treatment without
worrying about hospital bills. The company has
over 7,500 network hospitals that
cover the expenses of many treatments. Before proceeding further, let us
tell you some interesting facts about the company. ICICI Lombard Health
Insurance has a claim settlement ratio of
97.7, as per IDA guidelines.
It is one of the
popular private general insurance companies in India,
providing insurance in various sectors like health, travel, vehicle, and home. The
company has insured 32.7 million policies so far
and settled 3.6 million
claims. Their gross written
premium till year-end is ₹
21.7 billion.
Let us tell you the rest of the details of ICICI Lombard. ICICI
Lombard's cashless claim settlement is done in just 4
hours. Its minimum entry
age of ICICI Lombard Health Insurance
is 91 days, which means that you can get ICICI Lombard health
insurance even for a 91-day-old child.  You
can take it and there is no maximum entry age
limit. The sum insured of ICICI Lombard
is up to ₹50 lakh and the network
hospitals are more than 7500. Taxes are
claimable in ICICI Lombard and
ambulance and accident coverage is also covered.
Now if we talk about the plans, then these
are available on the basis of types, such as
family floater for those who
want to secure their family and
individual insurance plan
is for those who are young and do
not have any responsibility right now and can take individual insurance plan. The
third type is critical illness
plan. If your family has a history of any
critical
illness, then you should consider this plan.
ICICI Lombard Health
Insurance has a variety of plans
for different needs of different individuals, such as ICICI Arogya Sanjivani
Policy, ICICI Lombard Saral Suraksha and
ICICI Lombard Health Booster.
ICICI Personal Protect Plan
ICICI Corona Kavach Plan
What factors should you consider before choosing ICICI Lombard?
First, go cashless
with ICICI Lombard. If you
choose a network hospital, you do
n't have to wait for a claim refund. You
can avail the benefit of cashless hospitalization not only at network hospitals but also at non-network hospitals.
Second, covers complete OPD requirements.
You can also cover OPD expenses.
ICICI Lombard plans are
designed for those who want to cover their major and minor
health concerns.
Pre- and post-hospitalization: ICICI
Lomb covers pre- and post-hospitalization
expenses. This means
your health is covered from diagnosis to treatment.
Fourth, covers pre-accompanying
diseases. ICICI Lomb's health plans
also cover pre-accompanying diseases.
After completing the waiting period as per the policy certificate, fifth,
provides cashless treatment every new
year.  The plan offers an additional sum
insured if you haven't applied for a claim, ensuring
continuous coverage.
Sixth, you can claim a tax deduction on your health insurance premium
under Section 80D in ICICI Lombard Health Insurance.
Seventh, there is no limit
on
hospital room rent in ICICI Lombard Health Insurance.
You
can choose any room type during treatment. Seventh, there is
no copay clause in some policies. The
insured individual has to pay a
fixed amount for medical services out of their own pocket,
called a copay.
However, there is no copay clause in ICICI Lombard.
This means you don't have to
worry about any medical expenses; the
company will take care of everything.
PolicyX always tells you
about any plan, including its inclusions and exclusions.
Therefore, let us explain what ICICI Lombard
Health Insurance covers.  Medical expenses due to committing or attempting suicide Medical expenses due to complications
of dietary and nutritional supplements and substances purchased
without a doctor's prescription
Medical expenses related to
birth control, abortion, infertility, abnormalities in birth and
external congenital defects, diseases and animals Any
unproven treatment and cost
associated with unproven treatment
services  And
Supplyco tells in every video that
in every plan or policy there are some diseases or illnesses
which are covered after some time,
they are called waiting period 30 days
PD means those diseases which occurred before taking the policy are
called PD i.e. pre exiting diseases, its waiting period is 2
to 4 years, waiting period for Maturity cover is
9 to 12 months and there
is a waiting period of one month for health checkup. Waiting
period is that in which
you have to wait for some specific disease or illness
so that the coverage can start after that. Consideration
Before taking an ICICI loan,
you have to keep some things in mind like
eligibility criteria, check
whether your plan gives maximum coverage or
not, always keep a note for the premium of any plan,
PolicyX
also tells you to check the exclusion list,
while taking the policy it is very important to
know whether some disease or
illness is covered by your plan.  One
should always choose a plan
which has a large hospital network. The
policy keeps giving complete reviews of health insurance,
so if you
want a video of any specific plan, then
please let us know by commenting and if
you liked this video then subscribe us and
like us till then bye bye and take care.